Add NetworkTraversal hero sample app (#1)
Azure-Samples/communication-services-network-traversal-hero: README.md

# Azure Communication Network Traversal sample

### Prerequisites

- Create an Azure account with an active subscription. For details, see [Create an account for free](https://azure.microsoft.com/free/?WT.mc_id=A261C142F). 
- Install [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) Active LTS and Maintenance LTS versions (12.0.0 recommended).
- Create an Azure Communication Services resource. For details, see [Create an Azure Communication Resource](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/communication-services/quickstarts/create-communication-resource?tabs=windows&pivots=platform-azp). You will need the connection string for this sample.
- Firefox, Edge or Chrome
- Computer with a camera

### Installing

> - In a Powershell Terminal go to the sample dir and install the following

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In a Powershell Terminal go to the sample dir and run the following command

```

npm install

## Setup

- Go to the .env (rename sample.env to .env) file of the sample and change the value of COMMUNICATION_CONNECTION_STRING to your connection string (from the Communication Services resource)

## Usage

- Execute: node .\index.js

> - Open your browser, if you are using Mozilla, in the search bar type about:config and search for relay and change it's value to true

Reviewer: Is there a reason we're referring specifically to Mozilla?
nit: its

Author: Yes, for Firefox that's needed but not for the other browsers.

Reviewer: Is this a one time thing? If so I'd take it out of the bullet list, and make it a note at the beginning of Usage.
e.g.

## Usage
**[Firefox Only]** `media.peerconnection.ice.relay_only` needs to be enabled. In your browser search bar type `about:config`. Click `Accept the Risk and Continue`. Search for `media.peerconnection.ice.relay_only` and change its value to true.

# Azure Communication Network Traversal sample

### Prerequisites

> You need Node.js

Reviewer 2: Other hero samples prerequisite sections look like this:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/58831720/143081709-2c5e0588-f1d7-4924-93b0-2b4af823002e.png)
So instead of saying "You need Node.js", just have "Node.js" and the version and link to the download page.  
"Computer with camera" maybe instead "Computer with a camera"
Connection string isn't really a proper noun, "you will need the connection string" is probably better.

Firefox, Edge or Chrome
Computer with camera
A Communication Services resource, you will need the Connection String.

### Installing

- In a Powershell Terminal go to the sample dir and install the following

npm install

## Setup

> - Create a Communication Services resource using your personal subscription. See here for details:

Reviewer 2: It says a connection string is a prerequisite but then the setup includes creating a communication service resource

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/communication-services/quickstarts/create-communication-resource?tabs=windows&pivots=platform-azp

> - Go to the .env (rename sample.env to .env) file of the sample and change the value of COMMUNICATION_CONNECTION_STRING to your connection string (from the Communication Services resource)

Reviewer 2: Can't it just be called .env in here?

Author: I've seen this across the SDK samples in the SDK repo, honestly I don't know the reason for that.

# Azure Communication Network Traversal sample

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- You need Node.js
- Firefox, Edge or Chrome
- Computer with video camera
- A Communication Services resource to get the Connection String.

### Installation

> - In an Administrator Powershell go to the sample dir and run the following

Reviewer 3: npm shouldn't need admin? can you verify whether this actually has to be elevated or not?

npm install

### Setup

- Create a Communication Services resource using your personal subscription. See here for details:
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/communication-services/quickstarts/create-communication-resource?tabs=windows&pivots=platform-azp
- Go to the .env (rename sample.env to .env) file of the sample and change the value of COMMUNICATION_CONNECTION_STRING to your connection string (from the Communication Services resource)
- 
### Quickstart

- Execute: node .\index.js
- Open your browser, if you are using Mozilla, in the search bar type about:config and search for relay and change it's value to true
- Open two tabs and go to http://localhost:3000/ in both of them
- Click get video on both tabs and allow the browser to use your camera and audio
- Click call and you should see the stream (two videos on the same tab)

## Resources

> - https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/tree/main/sdk/communication/communication-network-traversal

Reviewer 3: there should probably be links to the public docs on MSDN as well
